NCBI access rate limit
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK25497/
In order not to overload the E-utility servers, NCBI recommends that users
post no more than three URL requests per second and limit large jobs to either
weekends or between 9:00 PM and 5:00 AM Eastern time during weekdays. Failure
to comply with this policy may result in an IP address being blocked from
accessing NCBI. If NCBI blocks an IP address, service will not be restored
unless the developers of the software accessing the E-utilities register values
of the tool and email parameters with NCBI. The value of tool should be a
string with no internal spaces that uniquely identifies the software producing
the request. The value of email should be a complete and valid e-mail address
of the software developer and not that of a third-party end user. The value of
email will be used only to contact developers if NCBI observes requests that
violate our policies, and we will attempt such contact prior to blocking
access. In addition, developers may request that the value of email be added
to the E-utility mailing list that provides announcements of software updates,
known bugs and other policy changes affecting the E-utilities. To register tool
and email values, simply send an e-mail to eutilities@ncbi.nlm.nih.gov
including the desired values along with the name of either a developer or the
organization creating the software. Once NCBI establishes communication with a
developer, receives values for tool and email and validates the e-mail address
in email, the block will be lifted. Once tool and email values are registered,
all subsequent E-utility requests from that software package should contain
both values. Please be aware that merely providing values for tool and email
in requests is not sufficient to comply with this policy; these values must be
registered with NCBI. Requests from any IP that lack registered values for tool
and email and that violate the above usage policies may be blocked. Software
developers may register values of tool and email at any time, and are
encouraged to do so.

